>> Scott Moss: So we've got Lesson 4 here.
So one thing is we've got some global
middleware that we need to set up.
Remember we're reusing that request.body,
right?
I was like that's gonna be a test
on some middleware later on.
Yeah, by default,
Express knows nothing about JSON.
It has no clue, it doesn't have
any way of how to handling it.
But there's some special middleware we
can use that does allow us to parse JSON,
parse URLs.
Do all that stuff for us so
we're gonna use that middleware cuz
we don't want to do it ourselves.
And we want that to happen on every single
request in our app because our whole app
is gonna be responding to in JSON so
we're gonna set that up globally.
We can also set up login
globally like hey,
I want to cuz right now
when I start this server.
And I make a request to it.
I don't know if somebody made a request
but I'm not logging that request anywhere.
It would be pretty great to be able to
log every single request that came in.
That'd be really nice to have that.
That's a API 101.
Some logging for your request.
So we want to see that and
that also needs to be global.
So if we look inside of
this middleware file.
>> Scott Moss: Here you can see there's a
function called set up global middleware.
And it takes in the app.
What we want to do here is we want to set
up some middleware to do some logging.
That's optional but the one we absolutely
have to do is set up JSON parsing.
And we're gonna use this body parser.
So we're gonna go get body parser.
>> Scott Moss: There's this
thing in here called JSON,
we need bodyParser.json.
And then we also need URL encoded.
So we need both of those, and if we
just take an example of how to use it.
This is why we chose express,
because this thing works for express,
almost everything works for
express/connect as you see right here.
Express/connect because express
is based off of connect, but
basically we need to set up
both of these middlewares.
We need to set up bodyParser URL encoded,
extended ,this but true.
Then we also need to
set up bodyParser.json.
We need both of those
middleware on our app.
So knowing this right here.
Looking at this.
We need to do that in here,
>> Scott Moss: On our app.
So and how do we set up something?
What's the method that we use
on the app or the router?
That we can mount anything on.
>> Speaker 2: Use?
>> Scott Moss: Use, exactly.
So use, use, and set up that
bodyParser for JSON, and URL encoded.
And then what we also have
here is some authentication.
So we're not gonna walk through
building custom authentication,
but it's already done.
We're gonna attach it to our routes,
though.
So I already have that done, you can go
look in modules/off and there's a whole
bunch of stuff in here with JSON
web tokens, some crazy stuff.
And we're gonna go walk through it
when we get done on what's going on.
But it's heavily commented and it tells
you exactly what's happening here.
But this is also middleware and
we're gonna set this middleware
up to protect our API.
So you can't access /api
without being authenticated.
So that's what this is gonna do.
So we need to set this up as well,
and the middleware for this,
we need to use the decodeToken
function from this file.
So decodeToken is exactly, it sounds like
it's gonna decode the JSON web token.
And we wanna do that on
every single route to /api.
So think in your app where there's a place
where we can set up some function that
runs for every other function for /api.
Then you wanna place decodeToken in there,
just like that.
You have to invoke it, cuz it's
a function that returns a function.
Every other middleware
doesn't return a function.
This one returns a function so
we got to invoke it just like that.
That's a side of auth.
And then you have this custom error
handler that does absolutely nothing.
And like you said we need to
set this up to handle any error
that's passed into next.
Eventually, when you pass an error
to next it just bubbles up.
No matter where you pass it in,
it's gona go to it's router,
do you have an error handler?
Nope.
Do you have an error handler?
Okay, I'm just gonna blow up right here.
Stop.
This is gonna check every single
level until it gets to the route app.
So we should set up a error handler for
api, and the syntax for
that is express passes in
the errors in the first argument.
That's how it knows, if this is the error
handler, it checks the arity or
the signature of your functions.
if it detects that there's an error here,
it's like okay,
this is the error handler,
that's how it does it.
So all you do is register this,
using the same .use method.
And then inside of it,
you can do whatever you want.
I would say, probably log the error so
you can see what it is on the server.
And then send back a status of 500 or
whatever you wanna send back.
But normally, what you would do is,
you would throw custom error messages,
and then inside this function,
you'd be, if it's this error,
send back this status code.
If it's this error,
send back this message.
If it's this error, call this service.
That's what you would do in here.
You could do anything, async,
you could do whatever you want.
But we're just throwing generic errors.
We don't really care.
But that's what you do in production.
You would check the metadata
on this error right here
to determine what you need to do next.
But ultimately,
no matter what you do you have to send
a response otherwise it's gonna hang.
So this has to send a response some way or
another.
So I bring up the test or the challenge.
>> Scott Moss: And
you're gonna set up global app middleware.
You're gonna add the router based
middleware, which is the error handling.
And then you're gonna set up
auth middleware where needed.
So global middleware, the error handling.
>> Scott Moss: And
then set up the auth middleware.
If you don't get to auth
middleware that's totally fine,
you don't have to set it up but
I think it's a good exercise.
So it is-
>> Speaker 3: What
can you define where needed?
>> Scott Moss: Where do
you think it's needed?
It'll work the same no
matter where you put it.
>> Speaker 3: User create.
[INAUDIBLE] it depends
on [INAUDIBLE] right?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so I would say for
now just protect the whole /api.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: Obviously, if you actually
had your sign up ability protected by
authentication nobody could ever sing up,
right?
So I would say, just assume that that
create method is not for signing up.
And it's like your an admin
creating users, or
something like that, not for sign up.
That's a whole another route that
I think is already in the app.
Let me check.
Yeah, there's a sign in,
sign out flow already in there
that's completely separated out.
But yeah,
that's something you don't wanna do.
So you gotta be careful where
you put these middleware
because anything that belongs to that
mount will be affected by that middleware.
So, if you accidentally put authentication
on your sign up flow, nobody
would ever be able to sign up because
they need to be authenticated to sign up.
So that would suck.
So I would say just lock down the whole
API route, set up that error handling,
the function is already there inside
of modules errorHandling, there it is.
And then you also need to,
inside the middleware file here,
you need to just attach the body parsers,
that's it.
>> Scott Moss: So you'll know
this works when it doesn't break.
[LAUGH] And you can actually send JSON.
So if you do a post, you can do some
logging in the controllers, and
you can find out,
let me see where erectile body.
If you logged erectile body, and
it's exactly where you said,
then it totally works.
And you can test that
the authentication works is because,
I don't want to show it, but
if you put the authentication in there,
you'll just get an error back immediately,
you're not authenticated.
It'll immediately say
you're not autenticated.
It won't even execute your controller,
it'll just break.